feat: Add comprehensive examples directory structure (#9651)
sanity-io/sanity: examples/README.md

```

## 🔧 Functions

The `functions/` directory contains examples of [Sanity Functions](https://www.sanity.io/docs/compute-and-ai/functions-introduction) - serverless functions that run in Sanity's cloud environment. Each function example includes:

- **Implementation code** (`index.ts`) - The actual function logic
- **Configuration** (`package.json`) - Dependencies and blueprint resource configuration
- **Test data** (`document.json`) - Sample data for testing
- **Documentation** (`README.md`) - Usage instructions and explanations

### Key Files

- **`sanity.blueprint.ts`** - Automatically discovers and configures all function examples for easy testing
- **`package.json`** - Shared dependencies for all function examples
- **`vite.config.js`** - Build configuration for bundling functions

### Available Function Examples

- **[auto-tag](./functions/auto-tag/README.md)** - AI-powered automatic tagging for blog posts
- **[first-published](./functions/first-published/README.md)** - Automatic timestamp tracking for first publication

## 🎨 Studios

The `studios/` directory contains complete Sanity Studio configurations showcasing different use cases:

> - **Blog Studio** - Content management for blogs and editorial sites
> - **E-commerce Studio** - Product catalogs and inventory management
> - **Portfolio Studio** - Creative portfolios and case studies
> - **Documentation Studio** - Knowledge bases and help centers

Reviewer: Added "movies" and "clean".  Should we link these too?
```suggestion
- **[Blog Studio](https://github.com/sanity-io/sanity/tree/marketing/add-examples-folder/examples/studios/blog-studio)** - Content management for blogs and editorial sites
- **[E-commerce Studio](https://github.com/sanity-io/sanity/tree/marketing/add-examples-folder/examples/studios/ecommerce-studio)** - Product catalogs and inventory management
- **[Clean Studio](https://github.com/sanity-io/sanity/tree/marketing/add-examples-folder/examples/studios/clean-studio)** - Clean project with no predefined schema types
- **[Movies Studio](https://github.com/sanity-io/sanity/tree/marketing/add-examples-folder/examples/studios/movies-studio)** - Movie database with sample content
```
